foreign
[Music]
themselves to really move some anger can
immediately create Clarity in their
world or allowing someone to feel like a
deep well of sadness can immediately
change their stories about somebody
who's died Etc so that's how that works
that's how that part of it works is
if you allow the emotions to move your
your stories change period every time
welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explore how deepening
connection with ourselves and others
leads to creating the life we want with
enjoyment and ease I'm Brett Kistler
here today with my co-host Joe Hudson
[Music]
all right good morning Joe how are you
I'm good I'm good we just uh had a
connection course session
at the end they we did this cohort thing
and so I got to do some hot seat
coaching with some people it was really
fun it was really fun all right so yeah
anything interesting come up from that
yeah actually the thing that we're going
to talk about today was present in it
and the fact that there was
um well a lot of what I do when I'm
outside coaching is to see through
people's stories and or limiting beliefs
and and to see how the emotional
component interacts with that
um with that story
and so it I was noticing it a lot
because I knew that's we were going to
talk about and so it was really cool and
very present for me you're talking about
see through the story we've recently
done an episode on limiting beliefs yeah
how does story and emotions link
together in in the way that you're
envisioning talking about right now this
story is kind of a
it's used often in our work but the
there's a good question about what it is
and I would just describe
story meaning like any idea that you
have like the idea that you put around a
situation so
I'm outside and
[Music]
am in nature
and I'm like oh this is enjoyable that's
a story that it's enjoyable or nature is
beautiful that's a story or
wow I wish they hadn't cut down all
these trees that's a story or mankind is
destroying the environment that's a
story
it's not that they're true or not true
it's not about that it's just it's
literally the idea structure that you
put around whatever it is that you're
what you're experiencing and to some
degree it separates you from the
experience
and in some level it informed your
experience and it it can actually
make the experience richer I'm thinking
about how this might interact with
emotions is there's some emotion that
comes up in us it's like wow I'm angry
that's a story correct but also you
could use the recognition oh I'm angry
that's a story but that story might
point to there might be something to
feel underneath this that reminds me of
a great I remember so when I was like
learning to have emotional experiences
because I was very cut off from my
emotions in in my 20s and
I learned that if I could name the
emotion I was having like I'm angry it
would help me feel it and then it was
some years later
I was with a friend and I was like wow
I'm really sad and he's like no you're
telling me you're sad as a way to not
feel it and he was like dead on and I I
recognized I was like oh crap like the
story can do both and it does do both at
different times especially different
times of development
so yeah this story is just the idea
structure that you put around an
experience that's that's what it means
yeah okay yeah so I'm going back to a
couple examples that you just mentioned
um looking out the window right now at
my at some trees in nature and I'm like
okay this walking around in nature
wow this is beautiful that being a story
Separates Me from just experiencing
fully the nature fully letting the
sensory experience in because it's
getting funneled into this story yes and
no in the fact that I would say the more
you believe the thought to be true the
more that you it separates you there's
ways in which a thought can actually
bring you more deeply into connection
with yourself as well the thought can do
either the thought can make you either
either more or less connected
what I have noticed is that in deep
emotional experiences the stronger the
story The more stuck the emotional
experience typically right and in more
of a personal development context this
might be I'm angry because my parents
did this to me back then and now I'm all
[__] up for whatever reason and now I
just keep living in this pattern and
this pattern is something I just can't
get out of and it defines me now and I
feel so angry and frustrated and
disappointed and sad and bereft at all
of this but those feelings are like to
the extent that you buy that story and
hold it to be true those feelings can
only circle around inside the story and
it might be very necessary for somebody
at some point in their development in
some part of their their Journey on this
in this is that is to be able to say
that right so for instance I work with a
lot of people who
like my parents were perfect that's the
first thing they'll say is my parents
were perfect and usually if they're
coming to me and they're saying that
there's going to be a moment where it's
really important to them for them to say
no my parents my parents had issues
they get that story needs to change and
they need to say it out loud and believe
that story for things to be able to move
and they also have to let go of that
story that my parents were
you had screwed up in some way to also
continue moving through it so
all the stories are very necessary and
they definitely interact deeply with the
emotional experience and to some degree
almost the same thing in a way yeah yeah
so it sounds like there's maybe even
like a hopscotching from story to story
on the journey until eventually like the
stories become more and more diffuse and
further and further apart and eventually
you just land in the full experience of
yourself with all of its complexity and
stories come up maybe as a
something that's useful in the moment
you know a thought is a story yes that's
right you know every every sentence that
I say is a story in some sense but it's
partially true partially false not my
entire thought process not my entire
being yeah that's exactly right yeah
there is no thought that I can't find
any thought that I have that's 100 true
and I can't find any thought that I have
that's 100 false and
and I'd say the same thing with my
identity and the same thing with
everything is that Thoughts by their
nature are are limited and they cannot
describe reality it's like I couldn't I
could not paint an accurate portrait of
the world with one color and I cannot
describe the world accurately with only
one function being intellect I also to
be able to have a full experience to
describe a full experience of something
I need something besides the intellect
as well so how do we see through stories
when we start to identify the stories
that we're in identify things that we
might not have previously identified as
stories such as for some listeners it
might be surprising to think oh those
trees are beautiful is a story that
Separates Me from them what or all of
your thoughts are a story that you don't
have to look you don't have to figure
out like unlike a limiting belief which
is like a story that's actually limiting
you
every single thought you have is a story
there is none that isn't yeah or even
the the story that
humanity is destroying nature
could be the story that is making you
feel constriction and blame which
separates you from the Heartbreak and
thus the personal responsibility of
being a part of this yeah more ass of
humanity you're right yeah or
you could tell the story humanity is
taming nature you could tell the story
that humanity is destroying nature you
could tell the story that nature humans
are part of Nature and we're like the
forest fire which helps reseed the
forest or there's like infinite stories
you can tell about the situation and
there's beautiful truth to all of them
and there's a lack of truth to all of
them yeah I have a favorite story there
where humans are something that trees
sent to go dig oil back up from the
ground and put carbon back in the air
for them yeah yeah I've heard the same
thing yeah it's mind-breaking I think
car George Carlin had something where
he's like
the Earth invented humans to make
plastic
yeah
so right so there's a thousand stories
that you can tell around it and the
thing about them is that you know we
have an emotional experience all the
time we have stories that are just like
about nature and we have stories about
ourselves we call the stories about
ourselves and identity
and all of them will have an emotional
component to them
and some of them are you know somewhat
benign emotional components and some of
them are not like my dad loves me my dad
hates me my dad's critical of me often
say would have a much deeper emotional
component you have the thought or you
identify in in a specific way like I am
a lazy or I'm no good or I'm worthless
it's going to come with an emotional
component to it
and so they're they're deeply tied
together that our belief systems and our
identity belief systems about our
identity all have a lot of um you know
they have like an emotional correlation
yeah that's almost a way that the story
comes up as a description of the emotion
we have we have the emotional experience
and then we try to understand it and
come up with a story and then the story
is something that we want to be
something that's internally consistent
that we can then use to predict and act
upon yeah never is internally it's never
consistent yeah
yeah there's this attempt to make it
somewhat logically consistent and that's
that's the intellect coming in yes
that's right but then you can also use
those stories as a as a path down to
what the actual fully fluid emotional
movement underneath it is what is trying
to happen there and in my experience is
that that
using the stories to do that eventually
means taking the stories all apart with
other stories it's like it's it's
deconstruction and then the emotions
move most fluidly when there's no story
you know if you look at animals their
emotions move very fluidly and there's
you know less stories yeah so it sounds
like something you're you're pointing to
here is that there's always emotions if
there's a story there's emotions behind
it because stories are constructed of
emotion
and there's not always a story with
emotions it's possible to move an
emotion correct the other thing that
happens is we can tell ourselves new
stories that change our emotions which
is a really interesting thing right like
if if I listen to somebody talking on a
podcast and I see myself differently
because of that then that new identity
will have a new emotional and so maybe I
feel relief because I'm like oh wow I I
see myself differently I I don't have to
be constrained by that anymore so what's
interesting is like
can I give you look at this as far as
like non-dual teachers or a lot of
spiritual teachers they're just sitting
there telling stories but they're
telling stories that change the
emotional component of people the
emotional components of people so it's
interesting like they they do interact
in this there's a dance it's it's not so
much causal as it's one or the other and
and
one's not greater than the other and
they're just they they do interact so
tell me more a little bit more about the
way that they interact and what makes
that really important for this work and
for this journey there's the intellect
and the emotional way so if you you can
deconstruct all of your this is the way
I did because I was very head based I
just deconstructed all the stories until
I couldn't believe any stories anymore
um which allowed for a lot greater
emotional fluidity and then I found out
it works in Reverse two meaning that
like if I'm really stuck on something
I'm like yeah and my head's like doing
that thing that most people's heads do
which is
cycling over the problem over and over
again what did I do how do I fix it what
did I do how do I fix it I can't believe
I did that you know that kind of thing
you can release an emotion and then boom
the story gets clarified like you can
see things differently and you've seen
this all the time where somebody has a
big anger release or sadness release and
all of a sudden they feel so much more
clear about a problem that they were
having
and oftentimes when I'm working with
people I try to work on both both the
emotional and the and the intellectual
the story side of it we have attempted
to give an emotional um developmental
model in one of our podcasts but
most of the developmental models that
are cognitive they talk about
um getting to a place where you can't
believe your own story
where you're using stories that are
useful for you not stories because you
believe them
and so those are the ways intellectually
or emotionally to see through the
stories
to see that they're not true if you
believe them
so how do they interact it's like um
like you said I think you said it
perfectly the there's always an
emotional experience happening as long
as you're awake there's an emotional I
would assume when you're asleep but when
you're awake there's always an emotional
experience happening and sometimes
there's story happening and sometimes
you're in a space of no thought
right and there's no story happening but
the emotions are still occurring yeah I
think a lot of people are
not very familiar with that place of not
having thought
um or at least maybe they don't
recognize that they are there's there's
times but a lot of us really identify
with always thinking and the first time
we have have that kind of experience
where thought drops and we're just in
the emotional experience it's very
disorienting because without a story
there's what do I know about myself what
do I know about the world right now what
do I have to is everything going to fall
apart is it am I just gonna dissolve
into a puff of smoke right now what's
going on and and yet we have experiences
of it that people don't even know
they're having like you in a wingsuit
I'm sure you had moments of full
non-thought right it's just like
president that was one of the draws yeah
exactly right yeah it was like this is
the moment that I'm not thinking about
my taxes or the laundry or whatever I
did wrong last week yeah it's just
presence with my environment and myself
and my body is doing the flying yeah or
or for some people it's like they look
at a Vista and have this moment maybe
it's five seconds or something where
they just like
you know and so when you're awestruck
yeah we have them awestruck is a way
that it happens and you're like hey
where'd you go I just spaced out you
know like that we have them
um but what's interesting is because
we're not thinking during those times we
the the mind that is thinking has a hard
time identifying them
I asked my daughter when she was like
nine years old I said um hey
have you ever had that moment when
you're looking out behind your eyes and
you know that there's something greater
than you looking out behind your eyes
like it's like it's vastness and she's
like oh yeah all the time
it's like I was like really I was so I
was so surprised you know and so I think
it's something that's very natural that
we lose track of or we get you know into
our neurotic thoughts into our churnum
and we forget that it's happening or
that it's there it's possible yeah I
recall sometimes when I was younger
having sort of like a a stare
and I would just kind of zone out and my
Consciousness would mix with this space
and I would just kind of
be this
not identity and then I'd pop out of it
for some reason somebody would say my
name and I should be like okay I just
zoned out and I even had like a story
that developed around it of like okay
I'm a little bit of a space cadet and
then you know I get into doing like
meditation Retreats and things and it's
like oh wow all this work to get back to
something that eventually just feels
like that place exactly that's right
that's right right and that's the
interesting thing the story gets so
thick that even when you talk about
people who have had what they would call
Awakening experiences which I'll just
I'd say it's your a shift of identity
meaning that when you're a little kid
you're like you say to a little kid like
hey what does Mom want for Christmas and
I want GI Joe with a Kung Fu grip
what does dad want Dad wants to GI Joe
with the Kung Fu Grip you know like
because you see the world
as you are the world in this like very
personal way and as you get older you
can see it differently you can see that
I am different than my mom and I'm
different than my dad
and then when the identity shifts to the
universal
that's what let's just call that
Awakening for whatever purpose right and
what happens is that there are people
out there who have that shift of
identity and then they have a story
that's this is bad I don't like this
and then there's another group of people
where they're like I've been working for
this for like 20 years and finally I got
it this is like a huge relief so even
that has a story to it right where and
and so if you look at
um the readings of monks who have woken
up
and have this like great sense of
freedom and you just and you read their
stories
and then you go online and you read the
stories of depersonalization disorder
about 70 of the stories of
depersonalization disorder are almost
identical to the monks waking up
so it's amazing it's an amazing thing
right we can even have stories around
that yeah something you pointed to there
is this idea of like Awakening not being
a particular thing that happens once and
it's complete it's like the the process
of growing an identity as a child you
have these at these micro identities
that come up for just a period of time
and then you grow out of them like you
do a pair of shoes and the moment of
growing out of it is like
the moment where you're in the unknown
of what if Mom and Dad don't want a GI
Joe with a Kung Fu Grip what is real
yeah and then you sit in that and then
it consolidates into a new story and
somewhere in there there's emotions that
are moving there's the there's a
subconscious
re-shifting how do emotions then when we
move emotions how does that change our
story you were alluding to this a little
bit earlier yeah so sometimes emotions
moving the emotions change the story
sometimes moving the emotions help us
discover the deeper story like the next
level of story that creates some freedom
and like I said and lack of story often
makes the emotions move much more
fluidly if you're not willing to feel
the emotion then there's a story in
there that you haven't found and so
sometimes people can walk around feeling
like oh I don't have a story but they're
not moving emotions that actually seems
to be like a a very particular time of
development
where you see that happen yeah there
might be some there might be a
subconscious shame that you're not even
logically aware of to the point where
you have a story around it but that that
makes certain emotions when they start
to come up just be somatically
suppressed before you realize that
they're there that's right and to find
those emotions you might go through a
series of stories you know starting
starting in some form of therapy or
coaching or something that brings you
into contact with
what it is in your life that
first of all is being affected by this
suppression yes there's going to be some
kind of frustration going on or some
kind of you know depression or sadness
or some disease yeah some dis-ease yeah
and then you could you know find your
Hopscotch of stories that get down to
what the what emotion is not being able
to move yeah so I'll give you like a
practical example here so Tara and I uh
we're looking for a place to live this
is like kind of during the crash and I
didn't want to buy a house because I
knew that the crash was coming and I
knew
have basically had done the math and it
was like 2011 is like when all these
short-term loans were coming up so that
was going to be the down part of the
market and so we rented it took us a
long time to find this rental we were
about a year from away from where we
wanted to buy and
we were friends with the neighbors who
owned the property and one day the
neighbor yelled at our daughter and Tara
was like not accepting that and so they
kicked us out
and every time I
drove past this house I just got this
kick in the stomach I just got this kick
like bam
and I would just drive quicker to like
just try to push it down try not to feel
that experience and one day I was like
you know what no no no no no I am going
to feel this experience so every time I
drove by the house when I felt that kick
I would just stop the car and I would
feel it
and I would invite it and I just like
yeah okay I wanna I wanna like milk this
thing for everything like I'm not gonna
avoid this I'm going to run right into
it and it took a little while I can't
remember like two or three weeks because
I drove past it every day and then all
of a sudden it was like I could drive
past that house with nothing but love I
had felt through all the pain of it and
there was nothing that I was trying to
avoid there's no more resistance to it
and in that
um the emotion my story changed from
these people are [__] who screwed us
to
I could see their pain I could see their
anger I could see I could see all of
them it wasn't just one aspect of them
anymore that I was looking at
and so that's how feeling your emotions
can change your stories or you know
somebody getting allowing themselves to
really move some anger can immediately
create Clarity in their world or
allowing someone to feel like a deep
well of sadness can immediately change
their stories about somebody who's died
Etc so that's how that works that's how
that part of it works is
if you allow the emotions to move your
your stories change period every time
yeah I can imagine how this could show
up in interpersonal conflict as well if
someone has a story and you're really
disagreeing with their story and you're
trying to
like deconstructed and
fight it and then they're holding on to
the story even tighter than yes they
would they're less likely to move the
emotion and come to a deeper story that
includes more of both of your shared
experience yeah I look at two people are
having a conflict it's like both of them
don't feel seen and both of them don't
feel like they're understood like so and
so they can't soften they can't move the
emotions if you allow both of them to
feel seen and understood then everything
can move and change
so yeah so a lot of times what people
will do is they'll say oh I shouldn't
have that I shouldn't think that they're
[__] because they're trying to avoid
the emotion and so they'll tell
themselves they shouldn't think this
they shouldn't think that you know this
story is bad
Etc instead of going oh this is a story
it is what it is and there's an emotion
let's feel the emotion or they could
have the story of I don't want this
person to have a story about me I don't
like this story that I'm being you know
held to and then that's also a story and
that locks your own emotions into place
and exactly interacts with the other
that's exactly right yeah yeah
so how can you use the emotions to help
find the deeper story what is I I say
use like their yeah
some deep part of us yeah so I the story
I have there is that I was in this party
once and I was
noticing a trend of mine and the trend
was that anytime people were having
superficial conversations I would just
be like pissed that'd just be like like
judgmental and shitty like oh yeah so I
went shopping and you know I really like
the green but the chartreuse was a
little bit better and and I'd just be
like wanting to throttle them and
I was like I was like what is it like
what what I like this doesn't make any
sense and it's been ruling me for you
know decades and so I started to really
feel into that I would start finding
people having what I would at that time
would have called child conversations
and I would just go and be in it and it
got awkward I gotta tell you there's
some awkward moments of like two people
talking about shopping and I'm just like
tearing up I'm crying you know weeping
over this and
and so I didn't know why this was
happening but as I felt the emotions all
the way through it's it became clear and
the story that became clear was that
when I was a kid
I was a guy shouting that there's an
elephant in the living room right like I
would talk about the Pink Elephant you
know we had an alcoholic household and
my job in the house was to be like
there's a problem there's a problem and
everybody else's job in the house was to
be like what problem I don't know what
you're talking about that's not an issue
and to keep it superficial and that's
where the anger actually was the anger
was that and once I felt the hurt
underneath the anger of like oh of not
being seen for all those years and not
being respected for the role that I was
playing and being made the problem child
or whatever it was
then there was just tears
and so I you know I'm like well I can't
remember exactly how old I was then it
was like maybe 35 or something and and
I'm just like weeping while people are
talking about driving to Santa Barbara
it was awkward
um but it was great and it and so it
just by going into the emotional
experience it like it brought out the
story that was hidden in there that was
that was holding me back and I think
that happens a lot especially people who
you know have like they they can see
through their own identity but their
emotions aren't moving I think that's
often the the trick is to like like
really look for everything that's
uncomfortable and dig in and feel all
the way will like bring out the
subconscious stories about who we are
and what we've been through yeah it
sounds like there's a sort of a trap or
a kind of a Dodge that can occur where
you you see a story that you're in and
then you
you see through that story but then you
see past feeling the emotion
and you're just like oh yeah nothing is
real
what is Free Will yes yes yes yes yeah
that's what I'm talking about and you
can do that and you will still be
bothered the next time somebody is
videos by the next time that somebody is
having that superficial conversation or
the next time that somebody cuts you off
or whatever it is
you can overcome it in the moment you
can mentally kind of sidestep it but it
doesn't get you out of the pattern if
you want to get out of the pattern you
got to feel the emotion all the way
through yeah so diving a little bit
deeper into this Paradox it's like the
story is the pointer to the emotion but
the story also slows down the movement
of the emotion
if you cling to it yeah so this is
something that I I discovered when when
case died so a case who I think I've
mentioned here before he um
he he passed during his first silent
Retreat I remember at that time one of
his close friends said to me that I told
you the silence would kill him this guy
talked all the time was always with
people anyway so he passed and and I
you know engineered a situation where
his closest friends a lot of people
who've done deep work with him all sat
in a circle and we all just kind of had
our
had a session together where it was just
like hey let's have this let's all
Express what's going on for us
and
what I noticed at that point is that
this not at that point but over the next
months is that
the the stronger the story the longer
the grief cycle took for them
there's lots of stories right uh he was
happy it was a perfect time for him to
go
or
um he died too soon he was only 54 or
um you know he was like the light of my
life I can't live without him like the
stronger the story The more personal the
story was
just the slower the grief process was
for people
and I remember at my time I was like
none of those stories existed for me it
was interesting because when everybody
was kind of doing their thing and when
it got to me I like
just wailed and got really angry I got
really pissed and I couldn't describe
why there didn't make any sense to be
pissed and
it just like moved right through me and
and like my grief cycle was very short
with case
and so I've just noticed that generally
and in fact I had a
client the other day saying you just
finished
um one of the things I'll do for like my
my L10 clients of clients who are
Executives is out if they want to do a
silent Retreat I will guide them through
a silent Retreat and we'll talk to them
for 15 minutes a day and just help them
negotiate their experience and
um that's not the right word for it I
will help them see what they might be
avoiding and then give them a some sort
of instruction to put put themselves
right in that spot and
after this retreat
uh this woman was just she was crying
and she's like I don't know why I'm
crying
and I was like great and she was
disturbed by it and I thought it was
wonderful I'm like oh this is great
because that means it's going to move
very quickly and like
this is great you don't need to have a
reason to have an emotional experience
and it will present itself to you most
likely afterwards
um where she was like wait I'm crying
for no reason something must be wrong
like what's wrong with me
and so and I'm blocking the emotion for
the wait waiting until it's figured out
yes exactly exactly yeah yeah exactly so
that's exactly it became the way to
block the emotion and so I cry weekly
usually
um get angry regularly
and almost all the time I don't know why
I don't have a reason I don't have a
story I don't have like oh this happened
and therefore this happened
it's just
stopped moving it's just the emotional
experience moving and probably before we
had thoughts we had emotional
experiences I mean
who knows what kind of thoughts all
mammals have but all mammals have these
emotions
and so
yeah that's the like and they move so
much quicker that way so much nicer
something else that comes up here around
emotions that came from the story of
case and the funeral
um I recently had had a good friend die
a couple months ago and I went through
the stages where you know everybody was
posting things like some thoughts some
and all these thoughts are some form of
story and you can see people in
different stages of their process
different stages of story yeah and I
wanted to write something for him too
and like post it to Facebook too so that
our community could could see it yeah
and uh
I recall just going from story to story
I'd write something and I'd like see
that it was story and I'd feel the
emotion underneath it I'd write and I
did this process for a couple of weeks
and then eventually it just dissolved
and I didn't have anything to say yeah
and then I had the story that I'm like I
should have something to say like my
[__] friend died what the [__] I I
should have something to say on Facebook
like a couple of paragraphs of words
about this human that I loved and
it just dissolved and I'm just like I
the story that I have to write something
is gone too yeah but there's also a
weird Paradox there which is well
you know here here we are in a podcast
and we're we're talking about a lot of
our experience but sitting down and
writing something we sometimes we want
to have a story of course yeah and like
a story is a way that we can convey
you know we can convey our our life and
our experience for others to consume and
if you develop this habit of just
deconstructing Story the moment it comes
to your mind
uh well how do you stabilize any story
to ever write say a description for one
of our recent podcasts that I've been
stumbling over for several days
the way we're doing it right now is what
my experience is
yeah I mean we're sitting here I told
three stories you just told me a story
and and there's a way in which they all
dissolve as soon as you tell them
and imagine the freedom of that like if
that's not not you in particular but the
people listening to the podcast imagine
the freedom of like watching the stories
about your parents dissolve the stories
about yourself dissolve this that each
one of them is like moved through and
then there's the relief and the freedom
of them on the other side
and it is a strange phenomenon that I
don't entirely understand
which is
everything that I've just told you like
I'm not attached to it and yet I can
talk to talk about it and I can talk
about it even with a an air of certainty
to it and at the same time it's it's
completely delusional to me right
there's there's nothing in me that buys
in to it and for a while I was like that
like I just
couldn't tell stories like but there was
a there was a like a good year and a
half where I was just like I don't even
know what what and now I like realize
how important they are like they're
they're they're what make us humans it's
like stories are so important and and I
love them I love watching them I love
seeing them it's yeah yeah well that
leaves me with my exercise after we
complete this podcast which is to uh
Alexa actually suggested this to me
yesterday while we were struggling with
the description for the last episode uh
I'm going to free write
on what we just talked about and see
what comes of it maybe it's a
description for the episode yeah
yeah exactly see what happens
awesome
yeah I think the the reason just to
close it off the reason I thought it was
really important to share this is that
if there's people who are listening to
the podcast and they're starting And the
emotions are starting to move and the
story is starting to dissipate
that's not a problem
that's that's progress and and it can be
disorienting and you can be like wait
who am I and
and I want to point to the fact that
that is great like that is a wonderful
wonderful step that's happening
and it's not to be chased after it just
happens naturally yeah it's a moment of
growing past an identity yeah into
something
larger exactly yeah awesome yeah
beautiful thank you Joe yeah pleasure
thanks for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please subscribe and rate US
on your podcast app we'd love your
feedback so feel free to send us
questions or comments you can reach out
to us join our newsletter or check out
our courses at Art of accomplishment.com
foreign